add VEE Energy user guide. (#1119)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEEnergyUserGuide/index.rst

.. _vee-energy:

VEE Energy User Guide
=====================

> 

Reviewer: I definitely believe that both VEE Wear and VEE Energy must first come with a VEE block diagram mentioning the included components.

Author: @frivieremicroej the components aren't publicly available yet, can we wait their release to update the documentation ?

VEE Energy is a purpose-built application framework designed for the next generation of energy devices, including smart meters, gateways, and connected grid infrastructure. Optimized for low-power MCUs and MPUs, VEE Energy delivers high performance while maintaining a minimal memory footprint, making it ideal for cost-effective energy solutions.
VEE Energy includes all critical features from the MicroEJ runtime, ensuring:

- Comprehensive Framework integrating security, file system, networking and IoT 
- Safe and secure Apps deployment 
- Extensive data handling capabilities with Edge AI and signal processing
- Support for industry-standard protocols like DLMS/COSEM  

> **MicroEJ Multi-app kernel**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MicroEJ Multi-Sandboxing**
```
I would rather use the term Multi-Sandbox instead of Multi-App

Author: done in 1609d1f7d7fe8e79357277647c1ce04aee63d1c7

> **MicroEJ Multi-app kernel**

Author: changed to multi-sandboxing in 1609d1f7d7fe8e79357277647c1ce04aee63d1c7

> The MicroEJ Multi-App Kernel enables secure execution of multiple isolated applications on a single device, allowing dynamic app deployment and updates without compromising system stability. By leveraging lightweight virtualization, it optimizes resource usage on constrained hardware while ensuring robust security and scalability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroEJ Multi-Sandboxing enables secure execution of multiple isolated applications on a single device, allowing dynamic app deployment and updates without compromising system stability. By leveraging lightweight virtualization, it optimizes resource usage on constrained hardware while ensuring robust security and scalability. 
```

Author: done in 1609d1f7d7fe8e79357277647c1ce04aee63d1c7

- Resource Security Manager: Enhances system reliability by ensuring that a faulty app does not compromise the entire system's performance.
- App Management and Analytics: Allows for local management and analysis of applications, providing valuable insights and control.

**Energy Framework**

VEE Energy Framework supports essential metrology functions, data storage, and power switching for comprehensive meter management.
Energy analytics
VEE Energy facilitates local analytics with Digital Signal Processing (DSP) and Edge Artificial Intelligence (AI), enabling advanced data analysis and decision-making on the device.

**IoT and Energy protocols**

VEE Energy integrates support for extensive connectivity and communication protocols, facilitating the design of AMI2.0 energy meters:

- Standard IoT and connectivity stacks part of the :ref:`VEE networking add-on libraries <networkingAddonLibraries>`.
- Energy specific stacks like DLMS, DNP3, OCCP, Modbus, IEC61850 with partners like Kalkitech.

> - Support for Smart Home protocols like MATTER to bridge energy with smart home and HVAC.

Author: done in f0cd4e20cc788aaa6e6261e731b7b33606f57623

> 

Reviewer 2: For more information about VEE Energy, please contact your [MicroEJ sales representative](https://www.microej.com/contact/#form_1).

Author: done in f0cd4e20cc788aaa6e6261e731b7b33606f57623
